Houming Ge

	I want to apply for the Computer Science and Software Engineering program at the University of Washington Bothell. I want to learn more about technology and computer science in society. My skill of problem solving and interest in computer science began in high school. After high school, I want to delve deeper into this field to understand its potential. Because I never thought I would associate writing a few lines of code with the applications I was using to play games.

During high school, I was a member of the FIRST Robotics Competition Team 2928. I work with teammates from diverse backgrounds and cultures. During the team meetings, my focus on the task and effectively communicating helped our team scores improve in world competitions. During the world competition, I used my Chinese language skills to help my teammates communicate with teams from China. From that, I will bring unique perspectives work with diverse groups in the future. Other experiences in the robotics competition will also help me to be more respectful of others and develop leadership skills. I find those skills fulfilling to help others and it helps me build relationships with other teammates.

In terms of working with a diverse group of students, I believe that diversity is essential for creating better solutions. Different perspectives and experiences can lead to new ideas and ways of thinking that can take a project or a problem in a new direction. I plan to work with a diverse group of students by being open to new ideas and perspectives, and by actively seeking out and valuing the contributions of all members of the group.

这两段合并
Personally, I will bring a diverse perspective to the field of computer science. As I come from a non-traditional background. I have always been interested in how technology can be used to solve real-world problems. I am also fluent in multiple languages that allows me to communicate and collaborate with people from different cultures and backgrounds.	

During the last winter break. I success deployed my personal website. When I do this project, I learn a lot from the project. I build my website from scratch to basic done. As I build it, I start to understand how industry setting up their website. Doing this personal project, I strength my programming skill to another level. I start to switch my mind to thinking about how and what bug does my website will be remain that I need to be fixed.
Final is not yep thinking about it.
Overload loading this this time. 
This is sentence two the full essay is at 1 and ¾ long.
Max is two pages. Still need to answer 2 questions
 
Question need to be answer
We want to learn more about you and your plans for the University of Washington Bothell education and beyond. Why are you interested in computer science, specifically the CSS Program? (ok with using last time as my final)
Do you have any experience in software or hardware development outside the classroom? If so, please describe. (with the second final part )
The computing field relies on communication and collaboration. Further we believe diverse collaborations create better solutions. How do you plan to work with a diverse group of students, and what diverse perspectives will you bring? (you see it)
If you have applied before, what has changed since your previous application? If you have repeated courses, or overcome significant obstacles, please explain. (No idea time management? )
